In our company people are flexible and adaptable when changes are necessary. 
In our company individuals and teams have clearly defined goals that relate to the goals and mission of the business.
In our company teams often lack the authority needed to get the job done effectively
In our company we give the highest priority and support to meeting the needs of clients and customers and to solving their problems.
In our company people value and make use of one another's unique strengths and different abilities.
In our company people feel that most change is the result of pressures imposed from higher up in the organization.
In our company people and teams are often expected to reach goals which they believe are unattainable
In our company people believe in teamwork, the "what's in it for us" approach rather than "what's in it for me."
In our company our policies and procedures help us to provide the service our customers want and need.
In our company everyone knows and understands our business objectives and priorities.
In our company people have a clear idea of why and how to proceed throughout the process of change.
In our company individuals and teams are measured and rewarded according to how well goals are achieved.
In our company people lack the interpersonal and technical skills they need to work effectively in teams.
In our company people often see customer and client problems as someone else's responsibility.
In our company people sometimes compromise company policies or principles to reach operational goals
In our company people believe that change happens too quickly and causes too much disruption.
In our company individuals and teams participate in defining specific goals.
In our company people know what's expected of them and understand their impact on other people, teams and functions.
In our company people are always looking for new ways to better serve clients and customers.
In our company business decisions are most often made on the basis of facts, not just perceptions or assumptions.
In our company people believe they can influence and affect their work place through their ideas and involvement.
In our company we constantly stretch our goals, to continuously improve.
In our company people believe in working together collaboratively, preferring cooperation over competition.
In our company employees who do the best job of serving customers are more likely than other employees to be recognized or rewarded.
In our company people have access to timely and accurate information about what's really happening in the organization and why.
In our company people believe that their concerns and anxieties during periods of change are heard and taken into consideration.
In our company individuals, teams, and functional areas often have incompatible goals.
In our company managers at all levels work together as a team to achieve results for the organization.
In our company when customers have problems with the products or service they receive, those problems are almost always resolved to their satisfaction.
In our company everyone strongly believes in a set of shared values about how people should work together to solve common problems and reach mutual objectives.