My company’s core purpose (or mission and vision) inspires we to work with enthusiasm and commitment.
My company has clearly established strategic objectives to align priorities.
My work group’s priorities are clearly aligned with the company’s strategic objectives and with other groups who depend on us.
I can see a clear linkage between my work, my group’s priorities and the company’s strategic objectives
My company has clearly established core values, including business ethics principles, to guide behaviors.
Roles, authorities and accountabilities for all business-critical activities, especially those for quality and safety management, are clearly established and well understood by all stakeholders.
People in business-critical roles, especially those for quality and safety management, are fully aware of their responsibilities and are competent to carry them out.
My company has a documented, systematic process to identify, assess and manage to a level as low as reasonably practicable (ALARP) all risks to people, assets, the environment and the company’s reputation.
There are sufficient people in my company who have been trained on incident management, including reporting, investigation, root causal analysis and corrective actions.
I am well informed of the risks in my work and the way my company and I are supposed to manage them.
I do a risk assessment before starting any task.
I worry about whether I am recognizing all the risks and managing them appropriately.
Work stresses are at a tolerable level and I am able to fully focus on the task at hand and be mindful of risks and any abnormal events as they arise during my work.
Business-critical activities are closely monitored and managed to assure that they fully meet customer expectations.
I feel a deep sense of personal responsibility for all the things I commit to do. I expect to be held accountable if I fail to do what I promise.
If people in my group fail to do what they promise, they will at least be held accountable for an after-action review to determine what will be done to prevent repeated shortcomings, and may suffer consequences in pay and/or promotion potential.
I have frequent one-to-one discussions with my supervisor to discuss how my goals align with the group and company goals, my performance toward those goals and my personal development plan.
My supervisor is helping me achieve my full potential by providing ongoing coaching to improve my performance and recognition for my successes.
All managers know what is happening in our organization and where all the problems are – the workforce knows exactly what our managers expect – there are no mixed messages.
Because managers and workers are aligned and show two-way trust there is less need for bureaucracy, audits and supervision, so workload is decreasing.
Everyone in my work group collaborates with each other and with stakeholders in other groups to meet internal and external customer expectations. 
I can report an incident without fear of disciplinary action unless I have been reckless or willfully negligent.
My company has a documented process for determining whether disciplinary action is appropriate for those involved in incidents or accidents.
I feel free to speak my mind about risks without fear of negative consequences.
My company has an easy-to-use system for reporting incidents.
I frequently report incidents from which others might learn.
A high rate of incident reporting is seen as a good thing in my company.
Incident reports are investigated to find root causes and to take preventive actions.
Incident investigations focus on learning rather than on assigning blame.
I work proactively with management to identify needs for exceptions to rules before tasks are begun in order to give management sufficient time to assess the risks associated with the exception.
I comply with the rules while doing a task.
I work with stakeholders to suggest ways to improve training, tools, processes, procedures and the rules themselves if I see a better way.
Lessons learned from incidents are widely shared.
My company actively monitors lessons learned for incidents in other companies and other industries.
My company actively benchmarks its performance and seeks to learn best practices from competitors and other industries.
My company has a formal process to review, at least annually, its performance toward its strategic objectives and the effectiveness of its risk management system.